CAREERS
CONTACT US
COMPANY
	About Us
	Group Companies 
	History
ENZYMES
NEWS



It has been Lumis's ardent endeavor to not only meet but also exceed all our customer expectations and we pride to be the only enzyme manufacturer to have globally launched certain novel enzyme concepts.

Let us make innovative solutions 

Welcome to Lumis Enzymes   

About Us
Synergistic efforts of innovation, customization and continuous progress in the field of enzyme technology have driven Lumis...

MFR
Lumis, with its own culture bank of industrially potent strains (fungal and bacterial), focuses on producing robust enzymes...

R&D
Our R & D centre is driven by technological excellence, high caliber human resources and a passion to deliver quality products...

Technical Support 
Our highly abled enzyme application experts and technical team are encouraged to have a first hand experience...

Sustainability 
Lumis is committed to being a corporate citizen that creates value for its customers, group associates & employees...

Quality
Being part of a pharmaceutical group, Lumis has naturally incorporated the highest quality and safety standards...


Customized Enzymes
Lumis is a customer centric organization and we understand that each customer requirement is different in terms of products, performance and services. The most crucial factors include the ability to understand and translate customer requirements into product features and Lumis has successfully been able to exemplify this.


Why Customize?   
Our highly abled enzyme application experts and technical team are encouraged to have a first hand experience...

How We Customize?   

You Benefit?   


Individual Enzymes
Lumis is a customer centric organization and we understand that each customer requirement is different in terms of products, performance and services. The most crucial factors include the ability to understand and translate customer requirements into product features and Lumis has successfully been able to exemplify this.

NSP Enzymes
Digestive Enzymes
Phytase Enzymes 


Global Events
Lumis is a customer centric organization and we understand that each customer requirement is different in terms of products, performance and services. The most crucial factors include the ability to understand and translate customer requirements into product features and Lumis has successfully been able to exemplify this.

Upcoming Events
Lumis is a customer centric organization and we understand that each customer requirement is different in terms of products, performance and services. 

The key differentiation of offering novel and 
customized enzyme solutions has set Lumis 
apart from other conventional enzyme suppliers.